feat(cli): support multiple kv-store in diff (#1129)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### CLI tools

>  -  `planet mpt diff` command became to support also comparing
>     two state root hashes from two different key-value store.
>     [[#1129]]

Reviewer: The new required argument in the middle makes the existing commands no more work.  So it should be noted in the changelog:

```suggestion
 -  `planet mpt diff` command became to take 4 arguments (which was 3) so that it can
    compare state root hashes from two different <abbr title="key–value">KV</abbr>
    stores.  The existing commands like `planet mpt diff STORE A B` do not work anymore,
    and these should be instead like `planet mpt diff STORE A STORE B`.
    [[#1129]]
```

Author: I applied it in dbf5c72

### CLI tools

 -  `planet mpt diff` command became to take 4 arguments (which was 3)
    so that it can compare state root hashes from two different
    <abbr title="key–value">KV</abbr> stores.  The existing commands
    like `planet mpt diff STORE A B` do not work anymore,
    and these should be instead like `planet mpt diff STORE A STORE B`.
    [[#1129]]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Store aliases used by `planet mpt` became to disallow names looking like URIs
    to disambiguate aliases from the literal store URIs.  [[#1129]]

```

Author: It was amended at ddecbb59c0b18dfc96c24f3c6e88c333ada57864.
